Mobs don't deal damage in the battle event.
Player can get stuck in Main menu.

Dungeons:
    Multiple battles in a row
    reward items and Xp at end
    Possible Boss Mobs?????

Towns: 
    Purchase items
    Pay for stat upgrades/buffs?
    Recive quests

Player:
    Add inventory system:
        Head, Body, Arms, Legs, Feet, Ring1&2, Necklace, R.Hand, L.Head
        Set of items with one of the labels
        Each item in a set has Buffs and debuffs and possible special effects
        Those values affect the same player's value that much
        Longsword: +3 Strength -2 Speed
        i.e. R.Hand.Equip(Long Sword) Player.Strength is now Up by 3 and Player.Speed Is down by 2
    Stats:
        They need to be properly blanced. All of those numbers are random off the top of my head and I'm it even works as much as it does.
        Add Speed:
            Determins turn order, possible use in random events if I make them
        Add Magic Atk:
            Power for magical attacks
            Each spell can have differnt elements that can affect mobs differently
            Each spell can also have special effects I.e. Slow, Sleep, Burn, Confuse etc
        Add Magic Def:
            Just a value for defending against magic.
    More To Player Creation:
        Player can obviously choos their Char as of now.
        Maybe give the player a chance to give the player an actual name
        Not To rip off TES but Races to give different stats to start with?
Mob:
    General:
        A lot of the same issues that player has are the same here so just assume for most. 
    Mob Creation:
        I need more than just a random name and type generator. 
        I need to make actual classes for each mob type and give unique stats based on type
World:
    Urgent:
        I hope that everything stats to come together quickly but that presents an issue.
        If the player uses a small map it can be cleared quickly.
        So 1 of 2 choices
        Random Respawn/Decay:
            Mobs will regularly die due to "age"
            Oasis will dry up the same way
            Villages that aren't regularly visited can dissaper
            Dungeons Close up or are defeated
            At the same time...
            Mobs randomly spawn around
            New Oasis will be found
            Villages are founded
            New Dungeouns creep up
        The World:
            Instead of just staying in one Area you actually move around maps.
            When you complete a certain amount of objectives in the current map you can choose an option to "Travel"
            Travel:
                Choose a direction and move to the "Neighboring" map. 
                This map is brand new and has all new quests and mobs.
            You cna continue moving around a large world without runing out of things to do.